---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hetznerdns_primary_server Resource - hetznerdns"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configure primary server for a domain
---

# hetznerdns_primary_server (Resource)

Configure primary server for a domain

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hetznerdns_zone" "zone1" {
  name = "zone1.online"
  ttl  = 3600
}

resource "hetznerdns_primary_server" "ps1" {
  zone_id = hetznerdns_zone.zone1.id
  address = "1.1.1.1"
  port    = 53
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) Address of the primary server.
- `port` (Number) Port of the primary server.
- `zone_id` (String) Zone identifier

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Zone identifier

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import hetznerdns_zone.zone1 rMu2waTJPbHr4
```
